Privacy policy 



www.Suburbzeroact.au   and Suburb ACT surveys. Effective Date: 13/12/2022

This privacy policy (hereinafter "Privacy Policy") deals with the protection of Your privacy while you use our website that is hereinafter referred to as "the Website" and which is at: www.suburbzeroact.au.

There are associated surveys hosted by SurveyMonkey at https://www.surveymonkey.com herein referred to "the surveys".

The Website is owned and operated by: "Suburb Zero ACT".
"Suburb Zero ACT" is a community group located in The Australian Capital Territory.

The surveys are designed and administered by Suburb Zero ACT. 

We are committed to the protection of your privacy while you use the Website.
We are committed to the protection, security and strict privacy of all data collected by the surveys.

This Privacy Policy only applies to the Website and the surveys. We will make our best endeavours to link only to external websites that are secure.The Website may contain links to other websites or applications not in our control, but if that is the case, the Privacy Policy does not apply to any of those linked websites or applications. However, we will make our best endeavours to link only to external websites that are secure.

We gather some limited  information from users of the Website, so this Privacy Policy explains what information we collect, how we use it, and your rights in relation to it. 

We gather information from the surveys, so this Privacy Policy also explains what information we collect, how we use it, and your rights in relation to it. 

By continuing to use the Website and participate in the surveys you acknowledge that you have had the chance to review and consider this Privacy Policy, and you acknowledge that you agree to it. This means that you also consent to the use of your information and the method of disclosure as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not understand the Privacy Policy or do not agree to it then please do not use the website or participate in our surveys.  





1. DEFINITIONS

	"Content" means any content, writing, images, audiovisual content or other information published on the Website.

	"Effective Date" means the date that this Privacy Policy comes into force.

	"Items" means any and all of the Website, Content and Materials collectively.

	"Materials" means any materials, information or documentation that We may provide to You in connection with Your use of the Website including documentation, data, information developed by Us or owned by Us, and other materials which may assist in Your use of the Website.

	"Parties" means both You (the user of the Website) and Us (the owner of the Website) collectively.

	"Personal Information" means information that we obtain from You in connection with Your use of the Website.

	"Privacy Policy" means this privacy policy.

	"Product" means the website including all pages, all sub pages, all blogs, all forums, all other connected pages and all other connected internet content whatsoever, the home page or main page located at: Www.Suburbzeroact.au

	"Third Party Links" means links or references to websites other than the Website, to content other than the content or to materials other than the materials none of which are controlled by US.

	"You" or "Your" refers to the user of the Website.

	"Your Content" means any Content posted to or added to the Website, Content or Materials by You or by somebody authorised by You or doing so on Your behalf.

2. INTERPRETATION

a. In this Privacy Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following rules of
interpretation shall apply:
	I. Words referring to one gender include every other gender.
	II. Words referring to a singular number include the plural, and words referring to a plural include the singular.
	III. Words referring to a person or persons include companies, firms, corporations,
	organisations and vice versa.
	IV. Headings and titles are included in this Privacy Policy for convenience onlv and shall 	not affect the interpretation of this Privacy Policv.
	V. Each Party must, at its own expense, take all reasonable steps and do all that is
	reasonably necessary to give full effect to this Privacy Policy and the events
	contemplated by it.
	VI. An obligation on a Party not to do something includes an obligation not to allow that thing to be done.

3. TYPE OF INFORMATION AND HOW IT IS COLLECTED

	a. When You use the Website, We may collect information from You through automatic
	tracking systems (such as information about your browsing preferences).

	b. In addition, We may collect information that You volunteer to Us (such as information that You provide during a sign up process or at other times while using the Website).

4. COOKIES
	a.   Except for cookies used in conjunction with the google analytics service, we do not use cookies in connection with the Website. Cookies are small files stored on Your computer or mobile device which collect information about Your browsing behaviour. 


5. HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS STORED

	a.  We take the protection and storage of Your Personal Information very seriously. Please note that no systems involving the transmission of information via the internet, or the electronic storage of data, are completely secure.We take all reasonable steps to protect Your Personal Information.
	b. We use appropriate physical, digital, managerial and security systems to store Your
	Personal Information and to protect it against unauthorised access, destruction or 	disclosure.

6. THIRD PARTIES

a.  We may use Third Party Service Providers to assist with information storage (such as cloud storage). At all times, we will make our best efforts to ensure it is secure.
 
b. We may use Third Party Service Providers to host the Website. It is a static website. There is no storage of personal data other than the analytics that track web page usage.
 
c. Your Personal Information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to other third parties without Your approval.

d. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Privacy Policy, We may provide Your Personal Information to a third party or to third parties in order to protect the rights, property or safety, of Us, Our customers or third parties, or as otherwise required by law.

e. We will not knowingly share Your Personal Information with any third parties other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

f. If Your Personal Information might be provided to a third party in a manner which is other than as explained in this Privacy Policy, You will be notified. You will also have the opportunity to request Us not to share that information. Given the paucity of information we collect this is unlikely.


7. COMBINING INFORMATION

a. We do not combine, link or aggregate any of Your Personal Information with other Personal Information of Yours which We are holding.

 

8. ACCESSING, UPDATING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

	a. You have the right to request access to an of Your Personal Information which We are
	holding

	b. You have the right to request that any of Your Personal Information which We are holding be undated or corrected.

	c. In order to request access, an update or a correction to Your Personal Information, you may contact us using the details at the end of this Privacy Policy.


 
10. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY

	a. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time in Our sole discretion.
	b. If We make changes to this Privacy Policy, unless We obtain Your express consent to those changes, then such changes will only apply to any information that We obtain from You after the date that the changes take effect.
	c. If We make changes to this Privacy Policy, Your continued use of the Website after the date that the changes take effect confirms that You acknowledge, accept and agree to those changes.

13. COMPLAINTS

a. We take your satisfaction very seriously. If You have a complaint in relation to Our
handling of Your Personal Information, We will endeavour to handle it promptly and fairly. For Your information, an overview of Our complaints handling procedure is as follows:

	I. Any complaints are forwarded to Our complaints officer for review. We aim to review all complaints within 7 days of receiving them (although this cannot be guaranteed). If necessary, the complaints officer may then refer the complaint to another section within Our organisation for consideration. If further information is required, We may contact You	to request that information. If We accept fault in relation to the complaint then We will propose a resolution (which may or may not be the same as any resolution proposed by You). If We do not accept fault, then We will contact You to advise You of this. We aim to complete this entire process within 21 days, provided that We are provided complete information in the first place (although this cannot be guaranteed). However, if You do not provide complete information then this is likely to delay the handling of Your complaint.

	II. All complaints should be provided in writing either by email or regular mail, using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy. Describe the nature of vour complaint including any relevant dates, people involved, any consequences that have occurred, and what you believe should be done to rectify the issue. We will endeavour to respond within 21 days, although we cannot guarantee this.

	III. If You are not satisfied with Our response to Your complaint, You may refer your complaint to the relevant external dispute resolution organisation in Your area.

14. CONTACT US

You can contact Us about this Privacy Policy using the following details:

Somebody, with an email and a number